c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll.config
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.pdb
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\shacharpooyae\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll.config
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Owin.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.pdb
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.dll
E:\windows8git\Rain_app\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll.config
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.pdb
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server_side\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll.config
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.pdb
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.dll
C:\Users\Denis\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll.config
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.pdb
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll.config
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.ServiceBus.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Entity.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Service.Tables.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.pdb
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\RazorEngine.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Http.Tracing.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.dll
C:\Users\shacharpooyae\Desktop\server- david last update\MobileServiceFinal\MobileServiceFinal\obj\Release\MobileServiceFinal.pdb
